Blockchain API page (#948)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/cloud/blockchain-api.md

# Blockchain API

The Blockchain API is WalletConnect's built-in RPC service that powers Web3Modal's blockchain functions such as account balances, ENS resolution, transaction history, and more. 

> The Blockchain API is designed to work with all of the chains that WalletConnect and Web3Modal supports.

Reviewer: Doesn't actually support all of the chains that WalletConnect supports. But it is designed to? Kind of confusing language

## Features

- Web3Modal built-in integration
- Multi-chain mainnet and testnets
- HTTP RPC & websocket RPC support
- Cloud metrics and reporting
- The Identity API with near-instant ENS resolution

> - Transaction history

Author: 👍

## Supported Chains

The Blockchain API supports popular chains such as Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Solana, and more.

See the full list of [supported chains](https://github.com/WalletConnect/rpc-proxy/blob/master/SUPPORTED_CHAINS.md).

## Using the Blockchain API

> The Blockchain API is built into Web3Modal. No config or setup is needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No config or setup is needed for Web3Modal integrations. For other usage, see the [Usage](https://github.com/walletconnect/rpc-proxy#usage) section.
```

## Limits

The Blockchain API is free for 100k requests/day. 

## Links

- [Supported chains](https://github.com/WalletConnect/rpc-proxy/blob/master/SUPPORTED_CHAINS.md)

> - [The Blockchain API Github repo](https://github.com/WalletConnect/rpc-proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Blockchain API GitHub repo](https://github.com/WalletConnect/rpc-proxy)
```
